+++
date = "2025-12-04"
draft = false
title = "2025-12-04 - Thu - Holiday party"
+++

### 00:39
Anotha one. 

### 11:00
Took the day remote (as is my normal remote day)

But tonight is the work holiday party. I'll go. But I'll probably uber. It's not convenient enough for the green line and cycling in the dark with nice clothes is silly. 

I really don't want to go. but I do a little. Maybe to see A - lay on the charm, maybe to hangout a bit with Craig and Peter. But oof, not thrilled.

### 16:00
A is consuming my thoughts a bit. But I am in a better spot than when I had previous interests. But, I need to keep harvesting friendship connections so that I don't become overly focused. See like with T, idk something isn't quite right. The spark is there a bit, from time to time, but there's just the hint of "well we would have some good sex and a few passionate months of secrecy, but we would get on each other's nerves". With A there's not enough info to tell. It's that blindness of being in the early stages of a crush before knowing someone. But thats a bit thrilling. And I'm getting some butterflies which is adorable, both nervous and comfortable. its a good vibe. We will see where it goes. 

### 22:00: 
Ah damn! such is life I thiiink she had a +1. So that could be limiting lol. But honestly it's good to know and makes the party a semi-worthwhile decision. 

However. I really need to invest in my hobbies consistently. I don't like the apps but for my generation it seems like the only way. I just don't care. I'm private. I like to be the camera, not the subject. My interests are pretentious, but my knowledge is shallow. Its easier to be a bit shit at everything than decent at a few things. 

I am not good at parties. 
Lawyers are good at parties. 

The discrepancy is overwhelming. I know its some kind of autizzy, but its not debilitating - its something that I've lost skill in and need to redevelop/practice. I know that I used to drink the awkwardness away, but I don't do that anymore. 

It makes it difficult to make friends. Its not just parties, but generally. I'm just a bit too awkward. Friendly in the occasions that you need me, or I need you, but shallow in  breadth of experience. It's transactional friendship where I can know a lot about you and we can be pals but its purely in the context of the reason we are there. 

I need to invest in some more sustainable hobbies where I can make friends. But something where I will be consistent. Jeopardy with C and C fit that bill a bit and are becoming friends. E2 and ___ are also becoming friends. but my nets need to be cast much wider than two late boomers and our moogy's circle. G is maybe not maybe yes a friend, but our context is neighbors. Do all friends exist in context? 

I've thought about trivia nights. but didn't pull the trigger because apparently all the ones around here require groups. I've thought about book clubs, but I don't read consistently enough to participate effectively. I like to go running, but I'm struggling with a major break for no reason at the moment. Tennis is the same although I'll want to pick it back up in the spring, expenses considering.

I like my homelab, but there are no friends, and certainly no women, down that rabbit hole. 

I'm not into gaming (too addicting).
I'm not into sports (besides tennis and F1).

Who would I invite to a wedding? My family duh. Ethan. Mike. Ben. all 3 whom I don't really talk to but know they should be there. 

I like photography a lot, but I'm not involved heavily. I haven't done anything in a WHILE. And I don't have great equipment. I also tend not to LOVE other photographers. There's an attitude and idk if I'm about it. I'd rather just chill with an old point and shoot or mini SLR. Photography tours/adventures seem corny AF and its a walking signpost disrupting the environment. I could see having a couple friends in this area if they were chill. Maybe I'll try to get back into it. 

I'm into camping. But not winter lmao too much around here. I REALLY would like to have some friends in this space. 

SEE -- contexts. Do all friends exist in context? 

I'm into animals, but don't really know much about them. I could be a birder or an animal photographer, but I don't think that would sustain my interest. 

I'm into the symphony. But I'm only OK at music and don't know a ton about every composer and all that and I can barely remember the names of the symphonies. Also how does that lead to friendships. If I ran into someone that enjoyed the symphony maybe I would go with them.

Other interests... Hold up lets pull open the "deleted" home page

> I like (in alphabetical order): 
> - audiobooks,
> - backpacking,
> - baking and baked goods  (I ***love*** pastries),
> - books (I will never not buy a book or two from the middle section at Brookline Booksmith),
> - classical music (and other music too, but in phases -- classical sticks),
> - cycling (more of a utility now, I enjoy bike commuting and riding my bike around Boston and ***try*** not to drive unless I am going outside the city),
> - e-books (all forms of reading baby, give me some literature that I will start and get about 2/3 of the way through set down for an exciting new book and not pick it back up again for another 5 years),
> - family,
> - film photography,
> - formula 1,
> - going to the *art museum* (I got the MFA pass, but they're making a couple extra bucks off me)
> - going to the **symphony** (at least once a season, but hopefully more),
> - hiking (always with the dog! mostly local and up in NH/VT/ME, but my favorite is the local woods where I can put together a nice 10k+ without signficant crossed paths and lots of unmarked trails waiting to be explored)
> - lego cars (I enjoy making them and give them to the kids at extended family xmas -- all boxed up with the stickers on the side)
> - parentheses (I will always extend a point for further clarification or comments)
> - politics and history,
> - puttering around boston -- making up errands to run and chores to do, but really just cycling alongside the river stopping at various places all day for iced coffee and pastries and sandwiches and shopping,
> - running,
> - shakespeare on the common,
> - technology (e.g. homelab),
> - tennis,
> 
> among many other things. I like a lot of things -- too many to list. and too many fun hobbies that I could never squeeze the time in for too long past the honeymoon binge. 
> 
> *I miss you keyboard building and custom keycap clay sculptures -- but I no longer have the time to individually lube 101 keys and manually place springs and switches and all that, then just to have a faulty PCB. Keyboards have gone mainstream and I can now be a consumer. Although who knows, maybe I'll swap out the switches, maybe some different keycaps, maybe a custom keycap or two. All it takes is a spark*
> 
> I dislike many things too - but don't we all. 

Hmm. Lot's to consider and with no action plan. 

I would like to try out drones, but that's an expensive hobby too. 

I need to volunteer. I want it to be environmental related or trails. or what about the library? if I lived in the country I'd be a volunteer firefighter (but would I?). I could feed the hungry. But as a single slightly balding scrawny man, nothing with children. creepy. 

Nevertheless, woe is me. just make some friends, asshole. 