+++
date = "2025-12-03"
draft = false
title = "2025-12-03 - Wed - Signatures & ThinkPads"
+++

Normal day at work but jeez Rick is just hounding me about these signatures that I did not have a part in. Lots of data cleanup from that. 

Brought back the BIOS supervisor password enabled PC and got another one. It seems like such a waste to throw ChromeOS onto a thinkpad. But its old and was going to be recyled anyway. i also grabed one for myself. I was able to find some 8th gen i5 vpro's which are pretty decent. 

On mine I threw on a distro called Omarchy. It's a keyboard dominant opinionated distro that utilizes arch at the core and then a modified Hyperland on top for the vibes and snapping. I can definitely tell it's not the fastest OS in the world. It has a lot of GUI to work through and a LOT of preinstalled bloat. But it's faster than Windows by a fucking mile, that's for sure. I do like navigating primarily by keyboard. It is way faster in the end, but memorizing keyboard shortcuts is going to be a nightmare. Over time, for sure, but going from the traditional control panel is a bit of a learning curve. Don't love all the pre-installed apps so I've replaced several of them. I'll use this for a week or two and see if I like it, but initial impressions are that I like Linux Mint a bit more. 

Stuffed Bell Peppers at G&G's with Ellen tonight. Ellen made it. Ground beef, leftover quinoa some other stuff, spices in bell peppers. Good shit

ChromeOS wouldnt install so I needed to take the thinkpad home. 
```...some troubleshooting later...```
ChromeOS installed after using a different usb stick and mashing the clicky buttons when the OS was loading. Yay it works, but no android apps. I read that there may be a way around that. tbd