+++
date = "2025-12-11"
draft = false
title = "2025-12-11"
+++

There are so many words to put into pixels but it never seems to flow in the same way as when you pace around stoned in silent monologue.

Do I talk about the age of 32 and how it always felt my age. The hope that brings when you sit on the cusp of turning so. Meanwhile, life feels like its finally falling into place. Stable job, friendships forming, retirement saving!!!!! 

Do I talk about opening up a retirement account finally, after 8 years of being in the workforce. 

Or do I talk about this girl, Abby, whom I seem to have a crush on.  (Hint: it's the girl, cause who am I, but a romantic)

Or coding ambitions?

Or make up a story

### Some important things happened today:
- I finally starting investing for retirement. I opened my 401k and Roth IRA. I considered a brokerage acct, but I need to pay off my car loan first. 
- Did open enrollment for health benefits
- I ate the messiest fucking cheesesteak omg
- Set up the switch and APC
- Craig's grandpa's funeral (doesnt affect me, but RIP)
- I talked to this girl Abby again. 

### Retirement
Retirement first, that is objectively more important than talking about some young girl who has lots of life to live and whom

I finally invested in my 401k and a Roth IRA after 8 years of being in the workforce. Yeah, I could have done so earlier, but now feels the most appropriate. I am at a stage in my life where I feel financially responsible enough to do so, but also financially stable enough to afford it. I decided to go max out. Just rip the bandaid off and deal with the budgetary consequences. I am max out investing $21.5k with a measly $1.5k being contributed by PLT (50% match up to $1.5k). Additionally a fll $7k a year towards a Roth IRA. 

I am doing a 70/30 split of VXUS and VTI to get broad market etf's for US and International. 

I plan to pay off my car, hopefully by my birthday, and then open a brokerage acct. I only have about $7k left for the car loan so I know it is possible. However it would take all of my bonus, plus some if we run into a triple paycheck month. 

This is the cusp of 32. It feels like things are moving forward and long-term goals are finally seeing movement. 

### New girl?
Goodbye Adriana, Hello Abby. lmao. But thats life, doors close and doors open. Adriana could be chill though -- I should explore that as a friendship! 

Nevertheless -- should I talk about this girl, Abby?
Who seems to catch the light so nice. 
And is catching my thoughts constantly.

Shes just out of undergrad -- which feels a bit wrong. However she is in her Master programs, in my defense, I justify that as a certain degree of maturity. I am not Leonardo Di Caprio and there are miles of age between us. 8 years is a **long** time. At the same time 8 years is not the biggest difference and the impact lessens as we grow older. 18 and 26 becomes 23 and 31 which becomes 28 and 36 which becomes 32 and 40 which becomes 40 and 48. However her being in the just out of college stage of life is uh yikes a bit.

As I am learning more about IT I feel like I am in a similar stage of career growth as pursuing a masters, that bridges the gap a bit -- although that feels like excuse more than justification. Additionally, although I don't know her well just yet, plenty of women prefer to date older for the reliability and stability that comes with that.  Who knows. I'll never know unless I break free from this drain of self-imposed impotence.

It started a couple weeks ago with her, although I think she has seen me before, we didnt interact at first. However it started a few weeks back when I asked her more about her studies. I had a small rapport with her, but not past the typical customer service lines. I would come in and eat my sandwiches and she would stay at the counter working on her studies. I didnt really pay much attention. Tuesday was for Jeopardy with Charles and Cindy and the occasional banter with Rob.

However, after asking about her studies and then recommending a previous employer to look for internships, her demeanor changed. We discussed how she wanted to be a consultant to stay on the business side of public health and make a little bit of money too. Now dont take that for granted, she is certianly on the side of progressive health reform, but she just wants to be comfortable. I recommended a previous employer of mine as a great option for masters degree internships, she came by a bit later and we chatted just a bit.

The next week, just this past tuesday, we chatted some more when I went to get my sandwich and there was some more eye contact than usual. She actually came down to the bar where I was sitting to come talk to me. 

to talk to me specifically. with charles and cindy right there and rob and crew behind me.

and I listened. 

And her words blended together in my ears because I noticed just how pretty she is. I listened and I responeded but oh gosh I could not concentrate. 

she has dark blue eyes like the twilight. I think. In the dimmed lights of the shop with the twinkle of multicolor fairy lights it can be hard to tell. They sometimes glow bright in the light and sometimes remain dark like the night sky. Her eyes seem to invite my gaze and I don't want to look away. 

She has a bright smile with just a hint of gums. She has a strong but straight nose. and not-quite-olive-tan skin that is definitely fake, but she can pull it off. Recently she has been paler and that suits her well. 

But I keep looking in her eyes and forgetting that I am staring. 

We talked about her MPH and what she wants out of that. Where she wants to live in the city and where she goes out with her girls (southie of course). and a few other topics. And she knows that I am at that sandwich shop to watch Jeopardy, but she pulled my attention away from that. And I think she likes my attention. At one point when she went to do something else I turned around to engage Rob and Friends in a quick question about whether they saw the new season and that I only watched the very start of last season. Well at that moment she asked me a question. and yeah I answered hers. 

I could see  understanding in Rob's eyes as I looked at her and back at Rob in brief panic hidden in bluffed coolness. 

She and I talked a bit longer and eventually I had to go. I could see she was looking forward to seeing me again. 

"well!" I exclaim as I begin to get up from my seat, my hands clapping to my knees. "I'll see you next Tuesday probably". 

"Damn I should've mentioned it earlier but I am leaving on Friday for break, going back to Pennsylvania" She seemed a bit disappointed, but also relieved. "Have a merry Christmas -- see you when I get back. " she responded. 

"See you soon! have a great break and merry christmas"

Shouldve mentioned it earlier? why? I thought to myself as I left the spot. 

This is when shes entered my thoughts.

She has a soprano voice. It doesnt stand out, but I can hear it from across the room. I heard it on Thursday when I went back to the shop -- not my usual Friday. 

I typically go to the spot twice a week, Tuesdays and Fridays. 

It's a good sandwich shop and is becoming one of my Third Places. However after working from the office today (RIP Craig's grandpa), I decided I really wanted to get a sloppy fucking cheesesteak. Kara was there! She's great! shes like 38 and funny and a great presence and a big smile. She also works at the Cumberland Farms. 

Well I got there a bit early and got my sandwich and Jeopardy turns on and I'm going to town. I saw marnie there, the 3rd owner, and while thats a bit unusual in the evening, it's not unheard of. I hear people coming in and going to the back where parties are typically held. And then I'm sitting there and I hear abby's voice from by the register. It's a normal voice, but I instantly knew who it was. Before I knew it I was already standing up with my trash and my soda can ready to throw them out. I wasnt visible yet, but I felt goofy having jumped to attention. I walk over to the trash and recycling and take a glimpse over and we catch eyes. I gave a brief smile and nod and went back to my seat.

And then she came over again. 

It turns out the whole crew was having their work christmas party. 

But abby came to talk to me. She's interested, I can feel it. 

We talked about this and that and she told me a bit about her life and I told her more of mine. Her colleagues came over and she stayed, her boss came over and she stayed. We laughed about darts and the peculiarity of the rules. 

And gosh once again I fought for every inch of that conversation as my eyes couldnt escape hers and my thoughts were ever dreamlike. 

She is going back home for the holidays for nearly a full month. Her classes don't begin until later in January, but she's coming back the first week. 

I was so glad I got to see her again before she left. That's so silly. 

I kinda wish I got her number then and there, I know I am going to be thinking of her all month.

but if shes interested now, she might be interested in a month. And that will give me time to fucking chill. 

But if she comes back and she is showing signs of being interested. I HAVE to make a move, like then and there. This feels like a Sherilyn moment where stars align and if opportunity is not captured, it moves to ithaca and then florida. 

I want to brush my hand against hers.  I want to smell her. I want to see her smile again. Get her to laugh. God damn nate you've fallen again.

Things I know so far: 
She needs to fucking chill with her online presence -- it is too expansive. I know everything



